SPECDB
======

The files in this directory reflect the current state of the LSB
database. There are some basic rules that must be followed when 
using these files:

make restore
	This will create a new database copy using the environment
	variables LSBUSER, LSBDBPASSWORD, LSBDBHOST and LSBDB.
	*** NEVER use "make restore" on the central database
	(base1.freestandards.org) unless that database has been hoplessly
	lost!  "make restore" is ONLY intended for users requiring to
	initialize local copies of their own database.

make dump
	This copies the current database (using the same environment
	variables) to local files here.
	*** NEVER dump your own database and check it in to CVS.
	*** ALWAYS run "make dump" on base1.freestandards.org
	with LSBDBHOST=localhost.
	

In addition ... since no-one is permitted to use "make restore"
to update the central database, editing a file here and commiting
it to CVS is a fruitless exercise!

How to update the database:
1. You are not going to edit these files ... EVER!!!!
2. get the most recent snapshot - there are two ways to do this:
	a. cvs update .
		This will get you a copy that is perfect ONLY if 
		everyone is playing by the rules!
	b. set LSBDBHOST to "base1.freestandards.org", and LSBUSER/
	   LSBDBPASSWORD to appropriate values for that database.
	   Then run make dump.
	   Then reset LSBDBHOST to localhost (i.e. your system), 
	   LSBUSER/LSBDBPASSWORD to appropriate values, and finally:
	   run make restore.
3. Test your change. If the change is direct SQL, write a script file
   with your change in it. Test it. Make restore and test it again. 
   Be prepared to lose 150 points from your contributor status if you
   get it wrong!
4. Approach the current database change co-ordinator (by default, this is
   the workgroup chair) with a request to update the central database. He
   will give you approval at the appropriate time to update the central
   database. NEVER just update it! If the change is small, you can send 
   the SQL script to the change co-ordinator and have him run it.
5. Once the change has been applied to the central database, login to
   base1.freestandards.org.
6. On base1, get an up to date copy of the CVS files in this directory.
7. On base1, set LSBDBHOST=localhost. Set LSBUSER/LSBDBPASSWORD appropriately.
   Set LSBDB=lsb.
8. make dump
9. cvs commit .
10.Pray you didn't screw up ... or expect to donate a kidney to charity!
3. using 
